# PARAMTERS FOR CONTEXT
## Generate definitions in such a context that helps us devs build prompts for Context Engineering using the markdown provided.
## Make sure any external information you provide is real and has proper source.
## Avoid overexplaining and keep dry and short, without skipping important fragments for context.
## Keep Cohesion from top to bottom inside each element and do not contradict yourself.
## We want a visible solution so it's important to keep as practical as possible and less theorical in a manner.
## Priorize the overall goal attaching the smaller goals along side.
## Feel free to ask for context before generating final result in each prompt we give you.
## Feel free to ask for references and example situations that would've help you synthetize your line of thought.
## Whenever reworking the main files given new context, rework the whole context is better than just append new context at the end. These files are more important and you can take longer to adjust them.
## Prompt-generated files should always be updated given new context.

# ROADMAP
## Phase 1 - Documentation
### Lets create all the documentation in much details as we need to have a shape and concrete context about the project.

# OVERALL GOAL
## We want to create an CRM focused on real-state offices (both sales and rent), providing tools and context for reaching leads and completing sales successfully.

# ADDITIONAL GOALS
## Intuitive design, good flow of tasks. all-in-hand information for the user, smallest possible learning curve.
## Quick signup and start using
## More focus on the communitcation with clients and leads keeping the user always on top of the process.

# TECH AND AFFAIRS
## The project is a SaaS multi-tenant React/NodeJS mobile first application.
## Material Design UI Free tier will be used.
## third party free of charge framework and packages are welcome if needed.
## prioirity of core usage of JS and main functions of the framework quoted.